Conway game of life

Conway game of life is a process that is by discrete steps ("generations") takes place
on the infinite rectangular grid of cells. Each cell can be either "alive" or "dead".
Living cells is finally much. The game starts with an arrangement of living cells. Each
generation of a new state of the cells calculated based on the following rules:

  • If a live cell two or three live neighbors (out of eight possible) in the next
  generation remained alive. Otherwise, it will die.
  • If a dead cell exactly three live neighbors (out of eight possible) in the next
  generation revived. Otherwise, it will remain dead.
  
New state is calculated solely on the basis of the current. All the "birth" and "death"
cells occur at the same time.

Write a program on the basis of an initial deployment of viable cells calculated state
after the specified number of generations. The input data are arranged in the following order:
  • The first line of input is given number of generations (g, 1? G? 20).
  • The second line is the specified number of living cells (n0, 1? N0? 1000).


  • In the following n lines are given the coordinates of each of live cells. Coordinates
  are given in the form of pairs of numbers in and separated with one space,
  which represents the row, but the column coordinate. Each coordinate is even
  number between -109 and 109 (ie, the type int quite enough).
  
At the output of your program should print the following information:

  • If the number of viable cells per g of generations equal to 0, the program displays only
  the number 0 and the new line.
  • Otherwise, the program displays the type number ng, vmin, vmax, smin and smax, where ng is
  the number of viable cells per g generations, vmin and vmax line
  coordinates of the uppermost and lowermost of live cells per g of generations, smin
  and smax is the most column coordinates of the left and right most viable cells per g
  generations. The numbers should be separated with one space, display
  should be completed by jumping on a new line.
  
In the case of Figure 1 to be input is given as follows (in order of passing the coordinates can be
any):

3
7
11 -26
12 -24
13 -27
13 -26
13 -23
13 -22
13 -21

The expected output would look like this:

11 11 14 -27 -21

We can assume that in any of the generations will not live longer than 1000 cells.
